Using Rambam hospital unlabeled database ofECG-Holters ids and corresponding doctor descriptions we propose an algorithm that classifies from the description if the doctor thinksthat in a specific holter Atrial Fibrillation (AF) is recorded or not or whether the recording has Ventricular tachycardia (VT) or not.  In orderto succeed we had to over come some challenges. The first is that the doctor descriptions are in Hebrew. To over come this challenge we checked two different methods.  One is using AlephBert which is a model that was trained to work with Hebrew Text.  The other approach was to use translation from Hebrew to English and then classify. The second challenge is that we are dealing with medical data which means that the data contains new vocabulary the models were not trained on. To deal with this challenge we experimented with BlueBERT which was trained on medical data. As a baseline we used previous work done in AIMLab which used Google Translate to translate descriptionsfrom Hebrew to English and then defined rules in order to classify. Our novelty is using deep learning methods to tackle this problem and our algorithm reached better F1-score on the testset

This repository will not run unless you have the database available.
The purpose of this repository is to explain the steps taken to classify Hebrew doctor's descriptions.
The non-deep baseline code is in baseline.py and the deep based methods are in deep_model.py.

An elaborated explanation of the algorithm is in [here](NLP_Project.pdf)
